README.md, before:

# My Dotfiles for development

## List of Programs and Dependences

The folder 'list-dependences-programs' is a list with a script.

The 'programs.txt' is a list of my main programs:

- **[i3](https://i3wm.org/)** -- The windown manager 

- **[firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)** --  The browser

- **[alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty)** -- The terminal

- **[zsh](https://ohmyz.sh/)** -- Inside terminal

- **[ranger](https://github.com/ranger/ranger)** -- The file manager

- **[asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/)** -- Language path manager
	
- **[git](https://git-scm.com/)** -- Version control

The 'base-dependences.txt' is a list of dependences necessary for the correct futctioning of system and programs:

- 

## Others

These are the files I don't know what to do...

## Tmux

The folder 'tmux' is the config of my tmux

- **create-symlink-tmux.sh** -- Script to create symlink

- **tmux.conf** -- Configs of Tmux

## Wallpapers

The folder 'wallpapers' is the all images I use in my computer as wallpapers

## X Config

The folder 'xconfig' is the config of my xorg xith script for create syslinks.

- **baky** -- My adaptation of Dvorak Programming keyboard layout and settings

- **create-symlink-xconfig.sh** -- My script to create symlinks

- **swapcaps** -- Script to change CapsLock to Control L

- **swapkeys** -- Xorg configs to change CapsLock to Contral L

- **xorg.conf.d** -- Touchpad configs to enable tapclick and inverted scroll

Commit message:

feat: add ranger in readme

README.md, after:

# My Dotfiles for development

## List of Programs and Dependences

The folder 'list-dependences-programs' is a list with a script.

The 'programs.txt' is a list of my main programs:

- **[i3](https://i3wm.org/)** -- The windown manager 

- **[firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)** --  The browser

- **[alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty)** -- The terminal

- **[zsh](https://ohmyz.sh/)** -- Inside terminal

- **[ranger](https://github.com/ranger/ranger)** -- The file manager

- **[asdf](https://asdf-vm.com/)** -- Language path manager
	
- **[git](https://git-scm.com/)** -- Version control

The 'base-dependences.txt' is a list of dependences necessary for the correct futctioning of system and programs:

- 

## Others

These are the files I don't know what to do...

## Ranger

The folder 'ranger' is the configs about ranger, my file manager

- **create-symlink-ranger-sh** -- Script to create symlink

- **rc.conf** -- Ranger configs

## Tmux

The folder 'tmux' is the config of my tmux

- **create-symlink-tmux.sh** -- Script to create symlink

- **tmux.conf** -- Configs of Tmux

## Wallpapers

The folder 'wallpapers' is the all images I use in my computer as wallpapers

## X Config

The folder 'xconfig' is the config of my xorg xith script for create syslinks.

- **baky** -- My adaptation of Dvorak Programming keyboard layout and settings

- **create-symlink-xconfig.sh** -- My script to create symlinks

- **swapcaps** -- Script to change CapsLock to Control L

- **swapkeys** -- Xorg configs to change CapsLock to Contral L

- **xorg.conf.d** -- Touchpad configs to enable tapclick and inverted scroll
